IPTables-libiptc version 0.12
=============================

This package provides a Perl interface to the netfilter/iptables
C-library libiptc.

Advantages of this module: Many rule changes can be done very
fast. Several rule changes is committed atomically.

This module is heavily inspired by the CPAN module IPTables-IPv4.  The
CPAN module IPTables-IPv4 could not be used because it has not been
keept up-to-date, with the newest iptables extentions.  This is a
result of the module design, as it contains every extention and thus
needs to port them individually.

This package has another approach, it links with the systems libiptc.a
library and depend on dynamic loading of iptables extensions available
on the system.

This design limits us to only export the libiptc chain manipulation
functions.  All rule manipulations are done through the iptables.c
"do_command" function. (As iptables.c is not made as a library, the
package unfortunally needs to maintain/contain this C file).


DEPENDENCIES

This module requires these other modules and libraries:

 iptables
 libiptc.a

The iptables version installed on your system needs to match the
IPTABLES_VERSION variable this module is compiled with.

The IPTABLES_VERSION is currently set to version 1.3.6. Thus, to get
started using this module quickly, download and install iptables
version 1.3.6 on your system.

REMEMBER also to do a: 'make install-devel'

Debian hint: "apt-get install iptables-dev" to get libiptc.h.

To use a newer version (than 1.3.6) with this module:

 1. From iptables tarball, copy libiptc/libip*.c to library_iptc/

 2. Copy iptables.c to iptables/

 3. Change the variable IPTABLES_VERSION in Makefile.PL


INSTALLATION

Notice this module depends on iptables dynamic loadable libraries,
thus it needs to know the path to them (default assumes they are
located in /lib/iptables).  The iptables path for dynamic loading
(where the libipt_*.so files are located) can be altered by setting
the variable IPTABLES_LIB_DIR while calling make.  This can also be
changed later at runtime setting the environment variable
IPTABLES_LIB_DIR.

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/usr/local/
   make IPTABLES_LIB_DIR=/usr/local/lib/iptables
   sudo make test
   make install PREFIX=/usr/local/stow/IPTables-libiptc-0.12

   cd /usr/local/stow/
   stow IPTables-libiptc-0.12


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2006-2009 by Jesper Dangaard Brouer <hawk@cpan.org>

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.4 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
